Hey guys, in today's video I will
decode for you the ICICI LBD Criti
Shield Plus plan.  ICC LBAD has
designed this plan very beautifully.  There are
many options available
and many add-on covers as well.  Did
you really like last week's video in which
I explained the difference between a critical
illness and a base health insurance policy
?
Why are both policies important?  I received a lot of calls,
a lot of messages and a lot of
customers demanded that
I explain the Critical Illness Plan exclusively.
So today's video is about ICMark's
Critical Shield Plus plan.  Watch this video
till the end.  Share it with your friends and relatives
also.  If you have come to the channel for the first time, then
subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon, then you will keep
getting notifications of upcoming videos.
[Music]
So let's start today's video.
But before starting this video, a very
Happy Independence Day to all of you.  Let me start with ICICI LBRD
's Criti Shield Plus plan.
You will have four variants within this plan.  That means
he has made four variants of it.   The
name of the plan is the same.  There will be four variants.  The first one will
be Cancer Shield.  As
its name indicates, it
is a variant specifically designed for cancer.  The second is the cardiac shield.
Cardiac means designed for the heart.   The
third one is cardiac and cancer.
You can have both here.  You can take a cancer cover
and a heart cover.
And the fourth variant is a comprehensive
critical shield.  That means comprehensive
means here you are going to get cover for 92 critical illnesses.
Let's see what else this plan
says about its USPs and
what its other basic features say.
So first of all let us talk about Cancer Shield.
Both major and minor cancers are covered under the Cancer Shield.  There are
four major cancers
and one minor cancer covered here.
Cancer with specific severity.  Severity
means what stage the cancer is in
and how severe it is.  It depends on the
report.  This has been covered.  Major will
come in cancer.  Bone marrow transplant is
covered.  Aplastic
anemia is also covered.  And if I
talk about minor cancer, it will
come under minor critical illness, then cancer
carcinoma in C2, this is an initial stage
cancer which generally gets cured.
So what is there here is that if you get a minor
cancer, God forbid it never happens, then
25% payout will be given immediately and
God forbid if that cancer relapses
and later it gets converted into major, then
75% of the balance will be paid later,
so this is a cancer shield, now let
us talk about its add-ons, so the
add-on in this is cancer restore benefit, cancer
restore benefit means that once the
cancer occurs, the insurance company pays the payout,
if that cancer gets restored again, that is, it
relapses,
in many cases the cancer relapses, then
you are going to get the payout again.
Next is the major surgical procedure.
Major surgical procedures are also covered in this.  If
you have a base health
insurance policy, its claim can
also be taken from there.  But there
are many customers who do not have a base health
insurance policy, so this will be beneficial for them.
And in the addon, we can take
death cover for personal accident and cover for permanent and
partial disability as addon along with
cancer shield.  Value
added service is available here.  There is tele consultation
, e-opinion, second e-opinion,
health assistance and you will also get many health and
wellness offers in this plan.  The
initial
waiting period will be 90 days.  But
a big plus point here is that the
waiting period for survival will be zero.
Under the Maximum Critical Illness Plan,
you also have to serve the survival period.  That
means, if there is any critical illness, then it is
mandatory to remain alive for that survival period, be it 30 days, 60 days or 90 days.
But here the survival period is going to be zero.
Now let's talk about the next
variant, that is Cardiac Shield i.e.
heart related diseases.
You are also covered for both major and minor heart related diseases.
10 major critical illnesses of the heart and 11
minor critical illnesses.  You
can see all these critical illnesses on my screen.
And if we talk about add-ons in this plan, then
major surgical procedures will also be
covered here.  You
can also avail personal accident cover as an add-on here.  Value added
services can also be availed here.  The initial
waiting period will remain the same at 90 days and the
survival period within this will also remain zero.
So this is a very good feature that
here the survival period will be zero for you.
Now let's talk about cancer and cardiac
shield.  So under Cancer and Cardiac Shield,
you will get cover for 14 major critical illnesses
and also cover for 12 minor critical
illnesses.  You can see on my screen that
you will
get restore benefit for all these critical ailments and cancers.
Major surgical procedures as add-on cover,
personal accident, value added services and
initial waiting period here will also be 90 days
and survival waiting period will be
zero days.  The fourth variant
will be Crit Shield Comprehensive.  That means
here you will get cover for 92 critical illnesses.  There are
very few critical illness policies
available in the market with cover for 92 critical illnesses.  Only one or two
options are available.  Otherwise, in all the
critical illness plans you get,
you get cover for only 20, 25, 30, 35 critical
illnesses.  Here you will
get cover for 92 critical illnesses, out of which 57 will be major and 37 will be minor critical illnesses.  Add-on covers will remain the same.
You can avail Cancer Restore benefits
through value added services.  And also, if you buy
it, you get personal accident cover.  The
initial waiting period will be 90 days.  It can be done for
120 days and 150 days.  The
survival period is zero days and by
slightly increasing the premium and giving a
discount, you can choose the survival period option of 3 days, 7 days and 14
days.
If I look at its basic features, the
entry age here will be from 18 years to
65 years.  This policy can be taken for 1 year, 2 years and 3 years.
Waiting period will be optional at 90, 120 and 150 days
and there
is flexibility in survival period. Premium can be reduced by taking survival period of zero days, three days, six
days and 14 days.
Now
check here whether you will have to undergo medical examination while taking this plan
?  So there are some
guidelines for this also.  Let us also look at these guidelines.
From 18 years to 50 years if you are of age.
You will get cover up to ₹25 lakh without
medical.  If you
take more than this then your medical will be triggered.   If you are between
51 and 55 years of age, you will get non-medical benefits up to Rs 20 lakh.
You will have to get a medical done on top of that.
From 56 to 60, you will have to undergo medical examination costing more than ₹1 lakh
and after 61 years,
you will have to undergo medical examination at any time.  Only
then this policy will be issued to you.
So here comes the premium in front of you.  The
entire table of premiums is in
front of you.  Options available here are ₹5 lakh, ₹7.5 lakh, ₹10 lakh, ₹15
lakh, ₹25 lakh and ₹40 lakh.
If
you take a comprehensive plan and are between 21
and 25 years of age, then
you will have to pay only ₹12,520 for ₹40 lakh.
₹3131 for ₹1 lakh, ₹4,695 for ₹15 lakh, ₹7,826 for ₹25 lakh.   I go a
little higher side there.   The
age group in the city is between 41 to 45 years.   If you
want a cover of Rs 40 lakh,
you will have to pay Rs 4433.  25 lakh will have to be paid at ₹2771.  If you are
35 years old then you will have to pay
₹17,955 for Rs 40 lakh.
You will have to pay ₹1122 for Rs 25 lakh.  But if you are above 50 years of age
i.e. in the range of 51 to 55,
then you will have to pay ₹76918 for 25 lakhs
and ₹12369 for 40 lakhs.
So this was the plan ICC LBA's
Criti Shield Plus.  Whatever questions you have related to this plan,
you can ask me in my comment box.  I will
meet you in my next video.  Till then,
Jai Hind, Jai Bharat and
wish you and your family a very Happy
Independence Day.